 # Search Zipcode

This is a Livewire component that fetches Brazilian address information from a given zip code using the `viacep.com.br` API.

## Installation

To install this component, add the following to your `composer.json` file:

```json
{
    "require": {
        "livewire/livewire": "^2.x"
    }
}
```

Then, run `composer update`.

## Usage

To use this component, add the following to your Blade template:

```html
<livewire:search-zipcode />
```

This will render a form with a text input for the zip code and four text inputs for the street, neighborhood, city, and state.

When the user enters a zip code and presses enter, the component will make a request to the `viacep.com.br` API and populate the four text inputs with the corresponding address information.

## Code Explanation

The component consists of the following properties:

* `zipcodeData`: This property stores the response from the `viacep.com.br` API.
* `zipcode`: This property stores the zip code entered by the user.
* `street`: This property stores the street address corresponding to the zip code.
* `neighborhood`: This property stores the neighborhood corresponding to the zip code.
* `city`: This property stores the city corresponding to the zip code.
* `state`: This property stores the state corresponding to the zip code.

The component also has the following methods:

* `updatedZipcode(string $value)`: This method is called whenever the `zipcode` property is updated. It makes a request to the `viacep.com.br` API and populates the four text inputs with the corresponding address information.

The component also has the following view:

```html
<div>
    <label for="zipcode">CEP:</label>
    <input type="text" id="zipcode" wire:model="zipcode">

    <label for="street">Logradouro:</label>
    <input type="text" id="street" wire:model="street">

    <label for="neighborhood">Bairro:</label>
    <input type="text" id="neighborhood" wire:model="neighborhood">

    <label for="city">Cidade:</label>
    <input type="text" id="city" wire:model="

Generated by [BlackboxAI](https://www.blackbox.ai)